4.1 update python info (#138)
neo4j/driver-documentation: asciidoc/get-started.adoc

| .NET               | https://github.com/dotnet/standard/blob/master/docs/versions/netstandard2.0.md[.NET Standard 2.0]
| Java               | Java 8+ (latest patch releases).
| JavaScript         | All LTS versions of Node.JS, specifically the 4.x and 6.x series runtimes (https://github.com/nodejs/LTS).
// | Python             | CPython 3.5 and above.
|===

[NOTE]
--

> The 4.1 release of the Go and Python drivers is a work in progress. There is currently no release date available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 4.1 Go and Python drivers are a work in progress. 
There is currently no release date available.
```

> For more information on the 1.7 Driver documentation, including the 1.7 and 1.8 Go Driver, see {docs-base-uri}/driver-manual/1.7.
> For more information on the 4.0 Python Driver, see {docs-base-uri}/driver-manual/4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest Go Driver is 1.8.
For information on the 1.8 Go Driver, see {docs-base-uri}/driver-manual/1.7.

The latest Python Driver is 4.0.
For information on the 4.0 Python Driver, see {docs-base-uri}/driver-manual/4.0.
```

[NOTE]
Drivers 1.7 do not support multiple databases and Neo4j Fabric, features introduced in Neo4j 4.0.
To be able to run multiple databases online concurrently and to do distributed queries over them, you must upgrade Drivers from 1.7 to 4.0.

> For information, see For information, see https://neo4j.com/docs/migration-guide/4.0/upgrade-driver/[4.0 Migration Guide -> Chapter 6. Upgrade Neo4j drivers].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information, see https://neo4j.com/docs/migration-guide/4.0/upgrade-driver/[4.0 Migration Guide -> Chapter 6. Upgrade Neo4j drivers].
```
